What is it guys and what KMAX are now in this video he'll be writing a page or a post so it totally
depends.
Both are the same.
All of the way you can rank anything so the page is like if you want to build a business website like
what we build here like is freed up complete of course.
If I just show you and I can see this post does not have any of that page.
OK.
Sorry it does not have any of the post but it only has the pages.
OK you can see we have this home about and contact so you have to make sure that you design your page
in a way so that you make your keyword stuffing to be great.
OK so now let's go ahead and let's close this let's come here to our name and let's go to the post right
now.
Let's suppose that I wanted to write a post on how to create a Word Press Site.
OK and I want to rank it on on Google.
OK not on the top page.
Ok my aim is to tar and Connett it on a page but I have to face the reality.
My site is new.
OK.
And my site page rank is not developed yet.
And I have to just be clear with the reality.
OK so you have to make everything the best.
Ok then your page rank fill in trees and it takes nine.
OK.
So let's just go ahead and let's add the title here.
OK so my title was how to build a WordPress website 2018.
OK.
So this is my title at topos OK.
And I want to rank it.
Now you can see that this is totally sane.
It says everything is tame but we have a new thing here that is used to see what is this and how it
will help us.
OK so now here the number one tip that I wanted to give you right now before getting it started is that
you can see this is right here coming which is not good.
OK so if you have these type of links then I actually change it right away.
So you have to go to settings and then you have to go to permalink and then you have to open it up to
make sure to open it up and then let it go to post name and then let's hit save changes.
So now what I'm going to come here and I am going to save it a draft.
OK.
And I am going to open this up.
OK let's just open this up.
You can see this is totally changed now.
So my word is changes just like how to build a WordPress website.
Now you can see that this is how my page is going to look in the Google.
OK so this is a title.
This is the that is going to appear in and this is a description Ashar description that is going to
appear if you just go to that court press tutorial.
If I just search for a game you can see here we have the description here we have the link and then
here we have the title.
So this is how it's going to work.
Now let's come here and let's just add a paragraph here.
So how you have to write the paragraph.
I hope that you have got the idea that how you have to write the paragraph like if you just come here
and you just open any of the post OK.
Like I come here and I just open it up and I can see this post is coming here.
Now if I just press control f and I just search for Wordpress tutorial so WordPress tutorial itself
is mentioned 12 times.
OK.
You can see this is right here.
If I just click here it's going to take me down down down down.
And if I just make it shorter I just make it to be like Wordpress pension's mentioned 159 times so you
can just imagine that how many times it is mentioned here you can see.
OK so so many times so many times so many times where press is being mentioned here.
So you have to make sure that you have to make a key very OK.
And then you have to mention it here.
OK.
In your content area and when you add it it will be so create for your ACL and make sure that your keyboard
is coming most of the time because it will help you succeed in the seal.
OK.
So now we have the keyword the keyboard that you have chosen which is WordPress website 2018.
I have chosen a very long tail keyword.
That is because my website is not like a huge Web site.
OK.
I'm just starting it and I don't know anything about SEO that is why I want to keep going from the start.
OK so start habitues tweak key word to word keyword and then one single keyword then you can rank one
single keyword because it is so hard to rank a one key word if your website is not good in a CEO.
So this is how you have to make sure that you do everything.
So now here I'm going to be entering the content.
OK.
And here I have to make sure that the key word is coming here.
Key word is also coming here in the word L and Q is also coming here in the description.
So you can add it right here.
OK you can add it like Word Press tutorial.
OK I like this here.
And now here we make sure that you add it to be like here so that this color that is coming is green.
So when it will be green your better description will be perfect.
So I'm going to be entering the Laura ipsum.
OK let's just go ahead and let's add the dot com slash feed's like e-mail.
Now here I'm going to grab the lips.
So let's just go ahead let's grab it from here to here and get a copy.
I'm going to come here and I am going to paste it right here.
Now here you can see that my method description is green here and it's just totally coming the perfect
way.
OK.
So I can teach to my biology to see how it's going to appear in a mobile.
Now here this is my slug.
That is like you are.
Let's come here and here I'm going to be entering WordPress website is my keyboard to I mean I'll be
entering a WordPress Web site.
OK.
I'm WordPress Web site is my keyword Let's suppose.
And then here I'm going to be entering a WordPress Web site.
OK.
I'm going to come here and I am going to just add WordPress Web site.
And here I'm going to copy it.
Make sure to copy it.
OK.
So now here I'm going to come hanging coming here and I am going to copy this whole paragraph.
Copy.
Come here come here and let's paste it.
So it is right here.
OK.
I'm going to be coming here and I am going to just copy the Wordpress website and I'm going to paste
it so many times like here.
OK.
Here.
And to make sure that you try posting it so many times.
So now here you can see that I have posted pasted the WordPress website keywords so many times.
OK so let's go here.
OK.
Let's just go ahead and let's come here to the publish.
I'm going to be coming here and I'm going to be just clicking save draft so now can see that my seal
is said to be good.
OK.
So this is creating for you.
No images appear in the page.
So you have to add the images and the eternal links which we will be talking in the next video.
OK.
And we have the readability So the copy's scores 15 and fresh reading and it was difficult to read trying
to make short a sentence using less difficult words to improve readability.
Any subheading.
So we have to we have to add a subheading.
OK I'm going to be using this I mean I'm making it my subheading So this embedding is going to be heading
to to see if it is gone.
OK.
So here is gone.
I'm going to be adding one more subheading which is going to be this so that my subheading is perfect.
OK.
I have no improvement trade here.
Everything is good here.
The copy scores fifteen point three Flesch reading test.
OK I don't know what it says.
So don't just for just be like OK which is considered very difficult to read try make to try to make
shorter sentences.
Since we have copied everything from the alarm system that is why the saying two shorter short your
sentence.
So you have to short your sentence so that it is easy to read.
So when you when you are reading when you are writing ok then make sure to make sure that your everything
that you have frit in here is easy to Alasan transition words.
OK so it is saying zero person off the sentences contain a transition word or phrase which is less than
recommended minimum so you can just read it OK.
But the readability is not like very important.
The main thing is the key word.
OK.
Readability is a Google factor.
Like gum.
But you can see that we have already four here.
So it doesn't matter.
But if you short your center or if you just add a transition word a phrase then that would be good.
So let's come here and let's come here to our website and you can see that our website is totally done.
We now basically have a basic understanding of how key word works and how a WordPress website is work.
OK so you have not used the focus keyword.
No I don't think that as your title is the focus but it does not appear in the beginning the slug for
this page contain stop words consider removing them stop words so there are also the stop words which
are filtered out before processing the dud take that.
So like how to how to build.
OK.
So it can be like build a WordPress website it doesn't I mean if I just change it and I just change
it to be like great if we just change it to be like this you can see that my thing has gone down.
Gone.
OK so it is right here.
So make sure that your slug is also like this build WordPress website doesn't 18th and I can see that
this whole SEO is going to give you some of the tips that it can take from your website.
And this is so amazing guys.
If you are doing everything correctly then I am 100 percent sure that your web site will come on the
number one page result.
OK.
But it will take time.
You have to be very patient.
OK.
So here you can see that this is our one focus keyword.
You can also add more keywords here like if you want to target more keywords then you can also add them
here and then just get an idea of how your page is ranking.
So now in the next video I'll be showing you how to write and how to add an image and how to just work
with the internal links and also the outbound links.
So in the next video you'll be working up at that by guys.